How to make a simple light sensor. What do you need, for this project?
An LDR (photosensitive resistor), we also refer to photo resistance or expansion
Cadmium sulfide cells. LED (light emitting diode), of which
The longer part is the anode and the shorter part is the cathode.
A K ohm resistor. If you don't have a K ohm resistor, you can also use three or three
An ohmic resistor replaces it. Nine-volt battery.
Nine-volt battery clip. Moreover, experiment with the board.
The breadboard of the positive power rail, this is the negative voltage rail.
And here is the circuit diagram. We first insert the LDR board.
We actively LDR on the first end of the railway breadboard connection
A K ohm resistor. We will be on the LED circuit board.
We connect the LEDs to the cathode negative rail of the breadboard.
The anode of our LED is connected and the LDR is connected to the second terminal.
Now, our nine-volt battery clip is connected to a nine-volt battery.
The negative pole of our battery is connected to the negative track of the test board.
And positive positive track. You can see the LED fill light.
The LDR is the brightness according to the intensity or brightness of the received light.
LED. We can also use a three-volt power supply
For this project. For this we will need nine volts
Battery and resistance. We take a positive three-volt power supply
And insert it into the positive iron of the breadboard.
And negative negative rails. We insert the wire from a part of the LDR
Active railway breadboards and LED lighting.
Watch THANX.